From the beginning of the course to now there are many things I have learned, struggled with and continuously am trying to work on. Our first assignment focused on identifying if the variable or function names given were correct. Furthermore, it also focused on boolean expressions and deciphering if they are correct and what the outcome would be. For my first assignment, boolean expressions were something I needed to study harder in order to understand, however after I did, I feel that I did a good job on this assignment. Week 2’s assignment focused on writing a function to greet,creating a list of friends to greet and solving the quadratic formula. A part I struggled with in this assignment was solving the quadratic formula. Mistakes I made were repeating formulas when I could have combined them to make them more simpler. Furthermore, a mistake I have made so far is not including comments in my code. I started to include comments and am still working on making them more descriptive in order for them to be easy to follow. Week 3 focused on creating a diamond, right triangle, and a hollow square. In this assignment I used loops in order to execute the code correctly. When I compared mine to the correct code a mistake I made was not taking into account even heights. The code was correct but it would create issues if the proper number was not imported, leaving a flaw in the code. Lastly, Week 4 focuses on finding specific words in a list of words. Such as, the longest word, shortest word, interesting words and more. For this word, something I noticed I could have done to make it more clear was returning empty words instead of none if no correct word was found in the list. Furthermore, looking at my course engagement I feel that overall it was acceptable. I always join the classes on time and have only missed one class. I have also attempted to reach out to the professor for help with specific problems. Additionally, I make sure to read and continue to work on problems that I have trouble with. The reason I say it is acceptable and not exceeding is because there are still things I need to work on. For example, from the past assignments I have submitted all of them on time except this week's assignment. Additionally, I pay attention in class but need to work up the courage to ask more questions within the class rather than afterwards. Additionally, I still need to work more on the additional material to further practice what we are studying. 